feat(content): Pirate Expansion - Remains of the CCOR (#9597)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map planets.txt

	security 0.6

planet "Alta Hai"
	attributes "hai quarg" quarg ringworld station
	landscape land/station19
	description `This is a complete Quarg ringworld, the product of millennia of construction effort which has consumed every other stellar object in this system in order to provide the raw materials. The inner edge of the ring is filled with solar panels, hydroponic gardens, living quarters, and sunlit common spaces. The outer edge contains hangars and docks for ships, and storage facilities for cargo.`
	description `	Massive station-keeping thrusters on the ring's exterior keep its orbit from becoming unstable.`
	spaceport `If this section of the ring is any indication, there must be trillions of Quarg here. Since the construction work on the ring has long since ended, many of them seem to spend their time with creative or scientific endeavors instead. The spaceport is decorated with artwork of every imaginable kind: sculptures, mobiles, paintings, music, and even one hallway that cycles through various artificial odors, some of them intensely unpleasant to your human senses.`
	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Alvorada

> 	attributes ccor military station

Reviewer: Should these planets also have the `pirate` and `"south pirate"` attributes so that they can be sources/destinations of the normal pirate jobs, or is the expectation that these planets will have entirely unique jobs?

Reviewer 2: Yes, they should have these tags. From the original CCOR as a unified entity concept they wouldn't but as remains the pirates would have operations in the region.

Reviewer: These planets should also get the normal `south` attribute as well.

Author: Should the above be for both stations and planets, maybe aside from mendez?

Reviewer: The normal landables should get south, pirate, and south pirate, and maybe frontier as well. Looking to other pirate planets, they all have pirate, frontier, their regional attribute, then their regional pirate attribute.

The closest thing we have to Mendez is Mutiny, the moon of Covert. Mutiny only has the pirate attribute... although it should also at least have the moon attribute as well. But given that, I'd say that Mendez only having ccor, station, and uninhabited is fine.

Reviewer 2: What's the Frontier tag do/for?

Reviewer 3: Adds special jobs, for example delivery jobs that tell you there is an increased pirate risk.

	bribe 0
	security 0.9

> planet Alvorada

Reviewer 2: Revisiting descriptions to check over for if they need edits to fit with recent chances...
I think Alvorada's still works even with going back to being an Asteroid Base. Would it need to lose the 'moon' tag though? If it's still going to orbit Baily it is serving as a moon to the planet.

Author: It's no longer orbiting Bailey and now orbits the stars, so yeah.

> 	attributes CCOR military station

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	attributes ccor military station
```

	landscape land/station8

> 	description `Formerly "Fortaleza da Alvorada", Alvorada was hollowed out centuries ago to make an extensive network of bunker complexes that used to house the Politburo of the CCOR, and the extensive computer system they built that formulated their systematic plans. Rumor has it that, in the deepest reaches of the complex where no pirates have yet been able to breach, they're still there, having adapted the system to instead direct the guerrillas in the reestablishment of their homeland.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Formerly "Fortaleza da Alvorada," Alvorada was hollowed out centuries ago to make an extensive network of bunker complexes that used to house the Politburo of the CCOR, and the extensive computer system they built that formulated their systematic plans. Rumor has it that, in the deepest reaches of the complex where no pirates have yet been able to breach, they're still there, having adapted the system to instead direct the guerrillas in the reestablishment of their homeland.`
```

> 	spaceport `Alvorada's spaceport was built into one of the larger craters. Everything about the installation here is as fortified as possible - various hangars for even heavy warships are dug into the walls. From the ground, you can see where artillery pieces were stationed, obscured from above but with clear firing lines at incoming vessels. Now that you've seen them, you can think of hundreds of places across the moon where similar emplacements could have been hidden.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Alvorada's spaceport was built into one of the larger craters. Everything about the installation here is as fortified as possible - various hangars for even heavy warships are dug into the walls. From the ground, you can see where artillery pieces were stationed, obscured from above but with clear firing lines at incoming vessels. Now that you've seen them, you can think of hundreds of places across the asteroid where similar emplacements could have been hidden.`
```

> 	bribe 1

Reviewer: This bribe value is pretty high relative to the bribe value on other planets. Not to say that it can't be, just letting that be known.

> 	security 1

Reviewer: Security is only used for scanning illegal goods. What are they fining me for? They're pirates!

	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Alvorada
	attributes ccor military station

> 	landscape land/station8

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	landscape land/station5
```

> 	description `Formerly "Fortaleza da Alvorada," Alvorada was hollowed out centuries ago to make an extensive network of bunker complexes that used to house the Politburo of the CCOR, and the extensive computer system they built that formulated their systematic plans. Rumor has it that, in the deepest reaches of the complex where no pirates have yet been able to breach, they're still there, having adapted the system to instead direct the guerrillas in the reestablishment of their homeland.`

Reviewer 4: What is "systematic plans" supposed to mean, by the way?

```suggestion
	description `Formerly "Fortaleza da Alvorada," Alvorada was hollowed out centuries ago to make an extensive network of bunker complexes that used to house the Politburo of the CCOR and the extensive computer system they built that formulated their systematic plans. Rumor has it that, in the deepest reaches of the complex where no pirates have yet been able to breach, they're still there, having adapted the system to instead direct the guerrillas in the reestablishment of their homeland.`
```

Reviewer 3: 5-year plans, I imagine

Author: Definitions from [Oxford Languages](https://languages.oup.com/google-dictionary-en) · [Learn more](https://support.google.com/websearch/answer/10106608?hl=en)
sys·tem·at·ic
/ˌsistəˈmadik/
adjective
done or acting according to a fixed plan or system; methodical.
"a systematic search of the whole city"

Author: From Merriam-

Systemic describes what relates to or affects an entire system. For example, a systemic disease affects the entire body or organism, and systemic changes to an organization have an impact on the entire organization, including its most basic operations.

So, I would assume plans in regards to the CCOR as a whole, or at the very least Alvorada.

Reviewer 4: That's the definition for `systemic` rather than `systematic`, though.

Reviewer 2: > 5-year plans, I imagine

Yep, this is the intention. Didn't want to specify an interval but this is meant to imply CCOR's economy was planned.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `Formerly "Fortaleza da Alvorada," Alvorada was hollowed out centuries ago to make an extensive network of bunker complexes that used to house the Politburo of the CCOR and the extensive computer system they built that administered their centrally-planned economy. Rumor has it that, in the deepest reaches of the complex where no pirates have yet been able to breach, they're still there, having adapted the system to instead direct the guerrillas in the reestablishment of their homeland.`
```
How about this?

Author: Systemic is pretty close, though perhaps we move away from either word and reword it to something else.

	bribe 0
	security 0.9

planet Alvorada
	attributes ccor military station

> 	landscape land/station47

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	landscape land/station46
```

	description `	Unlike Titan, however, Baianus is regularly wracked by both waves of heat and energy, and a stay of any length on the surface is likely to see waves of auroras accompanied by glows and sparks rippling across the terrain. Your environmental system strongly recommends remaining inside your ship whenever ion storms are active.`
	government Uninhabited

planet Bailey
	attributes CCOR mining
	landscape land/lava3
	description "Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked, world scarcely larger or more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Though miners must regularly be on the move it has brought several mining expeditions to the planet. Like aphids sucking the sap from plants, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals, a method originally developed by CCOR that the pirates of the region have maintained since their fall."

> 	spaceport "Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of general atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located in orbit. Transit to and from the planet is facilitated by a clever network of skyhooks, which utilize smaller amounts of rare and expensive resources compared to the more common repulsor technology used elsewhere."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located in orbit. Transit to and from the planet is facilitated by a clever network of skyhooks, which utilize fewer amounts of rare and expensive resources compared to the more common repulsor technology used elsewhere.`
```

	description `	Unlike Titan, however, Baianus is regularly wracked by both waves of heat and energy, and a stay of any length on the surface is likely to see waves of auroras accompanied by glows and sparks rippling across the terrain. Your environmental system strongly recommends remaining inside your ship whenever ion storms are active.`
	government Uninhabited

planet Bailey

> 	attributes CCOR mining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	attributes ccor mining
```

	landscape land/lava3
	description `Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked world scarcely larger and more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Despite these conditions, Bailey's bountiful crust has brought several mining expeditions to the planet.`
	description `	Like aphids sucking the sap from a plant, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals, a method originally developed by the Confederated Councils. Since their fall, the pirates of the region have maintained the stations - although with considerably less organization than what was upheld by the central government.`

> 	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located in orbit. Transit to and from the planet is facilitated by a clever network of skyhooks, which utilize fewer amounts of rare and expensive resources compared to the more common repulsor technology used elsewhere.`

Reviewer: 1. The planet sprite used is just a normal lava planet that wouldn't suggest any sort of in-orbit landing zone.
2. This implies that repulsor tech is in some way expensive or difficult to get your hands on, yet repulsor tech is almost as old as the hyperdrive and is actually in all likelihood very cheap/available.

	description `	Unlike Titan, however, Baianus is regularly wracked by both waves of heat and energy, and a stay of any length on the surface is likely to see waves of auroras accompanied by glows and sparks rippling across the terrain. Your environmental system strongly recommends remaining inside your ship whenever ion storms are active.`
	government Uninhabited

planet Bailey
	attributes ccor mining

> 	landscape land/lava3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	landscape land/lava9
```

> 	description `Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked world scarcely larger and more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Despite these conditions, Bailey's bountiful crust has brought several mining expeditions to the planet.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked world scarcely larger and more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Despite its inhospitable conditions, Bailey's bountiful crust has brought several mining expeditions to the planet.`
```

	description `	Like aphids sucking the sap from a plant, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals, a method originally developed by the Confederated Councils. Since their fall, the pirates of the region have maintained the stations - although with considerably less organization than what was upheld by the central government.`

> 	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located on a repulsor-lift facility hovering a meter above Bailey's surface. Floating in place thanks to the lack of atmosphere, the planet slowly rotates beneath it while the facility is always on Bailey's dark side.`

Reviewer 4: There's something I'm still not understanding here. If the planet is nearly tidally locked, then how does the spaceport remain on the dark side? In tidal locking, the planet rotates about its own axis with a rotational period equal to its orbital period around its star. If the planet is allowed to rotate beneath the station, then wouldn't the station eventually reach the hot side of the planet?

Let's say the planet looks superficially like Earth, and the station is initially hovering 1 meter above Sri Lanka on the night side at time T-0. By time T-12, the tidally locked Earth-like planet has both rotated and orbited its star, such that Sri Lanka is still cloaked in darkness. However, the station has remained stagnant and is now covered in sunlight.

What am I missing?

Reviewer 3: I think the facility moves like the settlements do?

Author: Floating in place means the planet rotates, while the facility being repulsorlift off of the ground, does not rotate to it as it's not attached.

Reviewer 4: > so it does not rotate with the planet as it's not attached to the surface but hovering just above it
That's kind of the problem (as I see it). If it does not rotate, then it will eventually end up in the sunlight. It _has_ to rotate somewhat to remain in the darkness, because the planet rotates in order to remain in the darkness.

Still not sure if I fully understand, but I'm ok with hand-waving this if it's not a big deal.

Reviewer 2: > > so it does not rotate with the planet as it's not attached to the surface but hovering just above it
> 
> That's kind of the problem (as I see it). If it does not rotate, then it will eventually end up in the sunlight. It _has_ to rotate somewhat to remain in the darkness, because the planet rotates in order to remain in the darkness.
> 
> Still not sure if I fully understand, but I'm ok with hand-waving this if it's not a big deal.

The problem here is that Bailey is _almost_ tidally locked but not entirely. It'd be something like a day taking 0.99 or 1.01 local years. We're in something approaching a damned if you do/damned if you don't state with the Spaceport.
In technicality it'd be rotating at 1 to 1 with the orbital period in spite of the planet's differing rate... not sure how to say that in a concise non-clunky manner.

Reviewer 4: Ah, okay. Then I withdraw my original comment. Thanks for clarifying!

> 	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located on a repulsor-lift facility hovering a meter above Bailey's surface. Floating in place thanks to the lack of atmosphere, the planet slowly rotates beneath it while the facility is always on Bailey's dark side.`

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure what the lack of atmosphere has to do with allowing the facility to levitate; gravity wells allow repulsors to operate. Taking this part out makes the description a little small, so maybe you could say that the facility is declared a neutral zone by the miners to mitigate disputes.

```suggestion
	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located on a repulsor-lift facility hovering a meter above the surface of the dark side of the planet. Because of its importance to Bailey's economy, the facility has been declared neutral ground by the pirates and cartels that operate here; whenever disputes arise, the spaceport is the place where they are settled.`
```

Reviewer 4: The lack of atmosphere is necessary, because otherwise you would encounter air resistance. The atmospheric drag would prevent the facility from remaining locked in place as the planet rotates.

Reviewer 3: Ok.

> 	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located in orbit. Transit to and from the planet is facilitated by a clever network of skyhooks, which utilize fewer amounts of rare and expensive resources compared to the more common repulsor technology used elsewhere.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located in on a repulsor-lift facility hovering just above a few feet above Bailey's surface. Floating in place thanks to the lack of atmosphere the planet slowly rotates beneath it while the facility is always on the dark side of the planet.`
```

Reviewer 3: We use metric in Endless Sky, so instead of `a few feet` put `a meter` instead.

Reviewer 4: A meter is not enough. Even minor topographical features (mountains???) would ram into the spaceport as it glides along the surface.

Reviewer 2: > A meter is not enough. Even minor topographical features (mountains???) would ram into the spaceport as it glides along the surface.

Bailey is a semi-molten lava world. The crust melts during the day and solidifies at night. To note: as Bailey is only just barely not tidally locked the day/night cycle is close to a local year. Features would be minimal here.

	description `	Unlike Titan, however, Baianus is regularly wracked by both waves of heat and energy, and a stay of any length on the surface is likely to see waves of auroras accompanied by glows and sparks rippling across the terrain. Your environmental system strongly recommends remaining inside your ship whenever ion storms are active.`
	government Uninhabited

planet Bailey
	attributes ccor mining
	landscape land/mercury1
	description `Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked world scarcely larger and more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Despite its inhospitable conditions, Bailey's bountiful crust has brought several mining expeditions to the planet.`
	description `	Like aphids sucking the sap from a plant, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals, a method originally developed by the Confederated Councils. Since their fall, the pirates of the region have maintained the stations - although with considerably less organization than what was upheld by the central government.`

> 	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located on a repulsor-lift facility hovering a meter above Bailey's surface. Floating in place thanks to the lack of atmosphere, the planet slowly rotates beneath it while the facility is always on Bailey's dark side.`

Reviewer: If we're saying that the planet is nearly tidally locked and not entirely tidally locked, then I imagine that should the spaceport remain in place, it would still take an extremely long amount of time for the spaceport to go from the dark side to the light side of the planet. The planet's orbital period is about 213 days. If we're saying that the planet is 99% tidally locked, then we're looking at something like 30 to 60 years for the rotation of the planet to become an issue for the spaceport. (Not sure on the specifics, but it'd definitely be some number of decades.) 

With that said, does it really make sense to have the spaceport be constantly repulsed above the planet? That seems to me like either it'd be a considerable energy drain to do that, or repulsor tech is so incredibly efficient that it doesn't matter. I'd almost say to change it so that the spaceport only lifts and moves itself once a year to keep itself on the dark side, but then I'm questioning the size of this spaceport and whether such a feat is possible.

We could easily avoid this scenario by simply stating that the planet is entirely tidally locked with its host star. Is the "almost tidally locked" point important enough to this planet to keep? (It might also make sense to move the planet closer to the system center, because its current distance is 705.3, which would put it between the orbits of Earth and Venus should it be in Sol, while the description makes it sound closer.)

Reviewer 2: I think the 'nearly tidally locked' is important. The intention is that the process of the crust melting and re-solidifying makes the planet more worthwhile to put the effort into mining a dead world. Something along the lines of the volatility of the crust bringing mineral close to the surface.

The spaceport likely isn't small as I'm envisioning it as the center of the planetary mining efforts, expeditions are dispatched from the port and return with their hauls of ore. This is contrasted with Bailey having lighter gravity than Earth, being Mercury like it'd have a surface gravity around 0.38G.

An actual ground-station that periodically blasts off to reposition deeper into the dark side would work... even if it'd be expensive it wouldn't have to be annually, just however frequently it'd take for the station to be near sunrise from however far onto the dark side they move it. So if they move it to just after sunset each time that would be a few decades before it'd have to be moved again.

I can draft a new spaceport that's mobile... I wonder, would the spaceport being on gargantuan caterpillar treads make sense? A tank the size of a town rolling along the dark side at a snail's pace.

Reviewer 3: If all the settlements themselves move, I could see the spaceport move like a NASA launch plaform or like London in the Mortal Engines books. Presumably a thousand years of development makes facilities of this size more efficient/sense.

~~Use my previous description suggestion?~~

Reviewer: It could be that the spaceport is a series of disconnected buildings that move in unison. At that point it's not much different than a collection of ships getting up and movng, except the buildings are space-worthy.

Reviewer: I think moving the planet closer is also in order if the idea is that it's so close to the star that one side is molten.
![image](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/17688683/8c3f6117-a1cc-4f18-a1aa-af8ed32f1e24)
This is Mercury at the same zoom level.
![image](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/17688683/27ad5391-58de-4373-adcc-2036785e687a)

> 	description `Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked world scarcely larger and more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Despite its inhospitable conditions, Bailey's bountiful crust has brought several mining expeditions to the planet.`
> 	description `	Like aphids sucking the sap from a plant, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals, a method originally developed by the Confederated Councils. Since their fall, the pirates of the region have maintained the stations - although with considerably less organization than what was upheld by the central government.`
> 	spaceport `Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of a livable atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located on a repulsor-lift facility hovering a meter above Bailey's surface. Floating in place thanks to the lack of atmosphere, the planet slowly rotates beneath it while the facility is always on Bailey's dark side.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked world scarcely larger and more habitable than Mercury. As the planet slowly rotates relative to its host stars, its hot side is blasted into a molten wasteland, while its cool side hardens into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space.`
	description `	 Like aphids sucking the sap from a plant, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals, a method originally developed by the Confederated Councils. Since their fall, the pirates of the region have maintained the stations - although with considerably less organization than what was upheld by the central government.`
	spaceport `Given the inhabitability of the hot side of the planet, the spaceport and other major infrastructure is just as mobile as the mining stations. The spaceport is located close to the planet's terminator, cast in a perpetual twilight. Whenever the stars threaten to rise over the spaceport, each building activates repulsor-lifts located under their foundations, causing the entire spaceport to rise above the ground and move in unison several kilometers away from the terminator, ensuring that the spaceport remains relatively habitable.`
```
I imagine that because of this movement, the buildings aren't very tall (probably three stories at most), and are generally wider at the base than they are tall to keep their center of mass low and prevent falling over when moving. I don't want to overburden the spaceport description with that type of information, but I could see a mission on this planet describing that.

Reviewer 3: ~~I still think mortal engines spaceport would be better.~~ Looks good.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me as well.
I agree that they're probably quite short overall... if something like a control tower is needed I'd expect it to be something that's collapsible during the routine flights, or it's own ship/building.

planet Bailey
	attributes ccor frontier mining pirate south "south pirate"
	landscape land/mercury1
	description `Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked world scarcely larger and more habitable than Mercury. As the planet slowly rotates relative to its host stars, its hot side is blasted into a molten wasteland, while its cool side hardens into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space.`
	description `	Like aphids sucking the sap from a plant, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals, a method originally developed by the Confederated Councils. Since their fall, the pirates of the region have maintained the stations - although with considerably less organization than what was upheld by the central government.`

> 	spaceport `Given the inhabitability of the hot side of the planet, the spaceport and other major infrastructure is just as mobile as the mining stations. The spaceport is located close to the planet's terminator, cast in a perpetual twilight. Whenever the stars threaten to rise over the horizon, each building activates repulsor-lifts located under their foundations, causing the entire spaceport to rise above the ground and move in unison several kilometers away from the terminator, ensuring that the spaceport remains relatively habitable.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Given the uninhabitability of the hot side of the planet, the spaceport and other major infrastructure is just as mobile as the mining stations. The spaceport is located close to the planet's terminator, cast in a perpetual twilight. Whenever the stars threaten to rise over the horizon, each building activates repulsor-lifts located under their foundations, causing the entire spaceport to rise above the ground and move in unison several kilometers away from the terminator, ensuring that the spaceport remains relatively habitable.`
```

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 7

planet Gagarin
	attributes CCOR factory urban
	landscape land/city0

> 	description "Gagarin is the oldest-settled and most populated planet in the region of what used to belong to the CCOR. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... though the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with demand from a growing population. Although they were designed to be expanded with demand over time, such resource-intensive infrastructure projects became harder and harder to supply the materials for."

Author: Does removing "-settled" make sense here? It makes it sound like the *planet* is the oldest in the region, not the first settled one. Maybe using "first" something here would be better.

> 	description "Gagarin is the oldest-settled and most populated planet in the region of what used to belong to the CCOR. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... though the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with demand from a growing population. Although they were designed to be expanded with demand over time, such resource-intensive infrastructure projects became harder and harder to supply the materials for."

Reviewer 2: Gagarin was intended to have this problem even when CCOR was going to be an active faction but I agree that the fall has likely strongly exacerbated the problem.

> 	spaceport "The heart of the planetary infrastructure network the spaceport is perpetually crowded. Materials are constantly coming and going with ships landing, taking off, or being moved to underground hangars if they can't be unloaded quickly. The spaceport at least appears as if, just barely, its able to meet demand."

Reviewer 2: Love this suggestion, the addition fits into the fallen but not forgotten CCOR feel very well.
Also helps implant the idea that CCOR could be reformed at some point down the line.

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 7

planet Gagarin
	attributes CCOR factory urban
	landscape land/city0

> 	description `Gagarin is the most populated planet in the region of what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and was the first to be settled. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with demand from a growing population. Despite having been designed to be expanded with as demand increased, such resource-intensive infrastructure projects became harder and harder to maintain, due to shortages in supplies.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `Gagarin is the most populated planet in what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and was the first to be settled in this region.`
	description `	All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with Gagarin's growing population. Despite having been designed to be expanded as demand increased, such a resource-intensive infrastructure project became harder and harder to maintain, due to shortages in supplies. The collapse of the CCOR has only exacerbated the grid's deficiencies.`
```

Author: Not sure about this setup - are there other planets in the game with a one-liner and a more descriptive second paragraph?

Reviewer 3: There are (e.g. New Austria) but I think that those one-liners are probably better to be avoided. I'll change it.

Author: Seems better, though the first line still reads odd to me. "This planet is in what used to be (Government), first settled in this region."

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 7

planet Gagarin

> 	attributes CCOR factory urban

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	attributes ccor factory urban
```

	landscape land/city0

> 	description `Gagarin is the most populated planet in what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and was the first to be settled in this region. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with Gagarin's growing population. Despite having been designed to be expanded as demand increased, such a resource-intensive infrastructure project became harder and harder to maintain due to a continous shortage in supplies. The collapse of the CCOR has only exacerbated the grid's deficiencies.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	description `Gagarin is the most populated planet in what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and was the first to be settled in this region. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with Gagarin's growing population. Despite having been designed to be expanded as demand increased, such a resource-intensive infrastructure project became harder and harder to maintain due to a continuous shortage in supplies. The collapse of the CCOR has only exacerbated the grid's deficiencies.`
```

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 7

planet Gagarin
	attributes ccor factory urban

> 	landscape land/city0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	landscape land/city16
```

> 	description `Gagarin is the most populated planet in what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and was the first to be settled in this region. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with Gagarin's growing population. Despite having been designed to be expanded as demand increased, such a resource-intensive infrastructure project became harder and harder to maintain due to a continuous shortage in supplies. The collapse of the CCOR has only exacerbated the grid's deficiencies.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Gagarin is the most populous planet in what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and it was the first to be settled in this region. All of the settlements on Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with Gagarin's growing population. Despite having been designed for expansion commensurate with increasing demand, such a resource-intensive infrastructure project became harder and harder to maintain due to continuous supply shortages. The collapse of the CCOR has only exacerbated the grid's deficiencies.`
```

> 	description `Gagarin is the most populous planet in what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and it was the first to be settled in this region. All of the settlements on Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with Gagarin's growing population. Despite having been designed for expansion commensurate with increasing demand, such a resource-intensive infrastructure project became harder and harder to maintain due to continuous supply shortages. The collapse of the CCOR has only exacerbated the grid's deficiencies.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `Gagarin is the most populous planet in what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and was one of the first colonies established in this region. All of the settlements on Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with Gagarin's growing population. Despite having been designed for expansion commensurate with increasing demand, such a resource-intensive infrastructure project became harder and harder to maintain due to continuous supply shortages. The collapse of the CCOR has only exacerbated the grid's deficiencies.`
```
Now that I think about it, Thule could easily be confused with "this region" (the Other Rim), which is why I've changed it to `one of the first colonies established in this region`.

I'd like another opinion here too.

Reviewer 2: The intention with CCOR space is that it was settled around the same time as Thule, part of the wave of colonization spurred on by billionaire 'philanthropists'. Didn't go so well in CCOR space leading the populace to have a revolution that formed CCOR.

That being said since the line wouldn't be clear to the player than Men, two jumps away, isn't part of this small region I think this rephrasing is appropriate.

Reviewer 4: @bene-dictator if you remove `it`, then you need to remove the preceding comma too.

Reviewer 3: ~~Don't tell anyone but I don't actually know any grammar rules.~~

		threshold 3500
		fleet "Large Syndicate" 7

planet Gagarin
	attributes ccor factory frontier urban pirate south "south pirate"
	landscape land/city16-sfiera
	description `Gagarin is the most populous planet in what used to be the Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, and it was one of the first colonies established in this region. All of the settlements on Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... although the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with Gagarin's growing population. Despite having been designed for expansion commensurate with increasing demand, such a resource-intensive infrastructure project became harder and harder to maintain due to continuous supply shortages. The collapse of the CCOR has only exacerbated the grid's deficiencies.`

> 	spaceport `The heart of the planetary infrastructure network, Gargarin's spaceport is perpetually crowded. Materials are constantly coming and going with ships landing, taking off, or being moved to underground hangars if they can't be unloaded on time. At least the spaceport appears to be able to meet demand, if just barely.`

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The heart of the planetary infrastructure network, Gagarin's spaceport is perpetually crowded. Materials are constantly coming and going with ships landing, taking off, or being moved to underground hangars if they can't be unloaded on time. At least the spaceport appears to be able to meet demand, if just barely.`
```

	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Jakobsen
	attributes CCOR farming
	landscape land/sea4
	description "Jakobsen is an ocean world, having approximately 6% of its surface above sea level. The land is almost exclusively volcanic islands and atolls as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics and slowly being eroded away by the immense seasonal storms that wreathe the planet. Despite these conditions, Jakobsen is an agricultural world, with vast fields of algae cultivated both to sustain the atmosphere's oxygen content and provide a nutritious, if bland, staple food."
	spaceport "The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by wave-breakers and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms, additionally the smaller pads are able to be lowered into hangars so as to not be swept away during storms."
	outfitter "Basic Outfits"

> 	outfitter "Common Outfits"

Reviewer 2: Probably should add that.

	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Jakobsen
	attributes CCOR farming
	landscape land/sea4

> 	description `Jakobsen is an ocean world, having approximately 6% of its surface above sea level. The land is almost exclusively volcanic islands and atolls, as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics is slowly being eroded away by the immense seasonal storms that wreathe the planet. Despite these conditions, Jakobsen is an agricultural world, with vast fields of algae cultivated both to sustain the atmosphere's oxygen content and provide a nutritious, if bland, staple food.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `Jakobsen is an ocean world, having approximately 6% of its surface above sea level. The land is almost exclusively volcanic islands and atolls, as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics is slowly being eroded away by the immense seasonal storms that wreathe the planet.`
	description `	Despite these conditions, Jakobsen is an agricultural world, with vast fields of algae cultivated both to sustain the atmosphere's oxygen content and provide a nutritious, if bland, staple food.`
```

	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Jakobsen

> 	attributes CCOR farming

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	attributes ccor farming
```

	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Jakobsen
	attributes ccor farming
	landscape land/sea4

> 	description `Jakobsen is an ocean world, having approximately 6% of its surface above sea level. The land is almost exclusively volcanic islands and atolls, as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics is slowly being eroded away by the immense seasonal storms that wreathe the planet.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Jakobsen is an ocean world with only 6% of its surface above sea level. The land consists almost exclusively of volcanic islands and atolls, as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics is slowly being eroded away by the immense seasonal storms that wreathe the planet.`
```

> 	description `	Despite these conditions, Jakobsen is an agricultural world, with vast fields of algae cultivated both to sustain the atmosphere's oxygen content and provide a nutritious, if bland, staple food.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `	Despite these conditions, Jakobsen is an agricultural world, with vast fields of algae cultivated both to sustain the atmosphere's oxygen content and to provide a nutritious, if bland, staple food.`
```

> 	spaceport `The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by wave-breakers and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms; additionally, the smaller pads can be lowered into underground hangars to prevent them from being swept away.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	spaceport `The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by breakwaters and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms; additionally, the smaller pads can be lowered into underground hangars to prevent them from being swept away.`
```
I think this is what you meant? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Breakwater_(structure)
Or, alternatively, `dolosse`? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolos

Reviewer 3: `breakwater` is better than `wave-breakers`, maybe `dolosse` are a bit specific for the player to know?

	bribe 0
	security 0

planet Jakobsen
	attributes ccor farming

> 	landscape land/sea4

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	landscape land/sea18
```

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 10

> planet "M.B. Station"
> 	attributes CCOR military station urban
> 	landscape land/city6
> 	description "Mordente-Bridi Station, commonly shortened to M.B. Station, is a testiment to the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest armor CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized containing crew quarters and logistical infrastructure, amounting to a significant city, while the Mordente Cylinder contains what was CCOR's main shipyard."
> 	spaceport "Almost none of the Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Within the armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard complete with worker-shuttles busily zipping about constructing and repairing a plethora of ships and the fighter hangars in addition to the spaceport."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
planet Mordente-Bridi
	attributes CCOR military station
	landscape land/city6
	description `A testament to the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest armor the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized containing crew quarters and logistical infrastructure, amounting to a significant city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`
	spaceport `Apart from the spaceport facilities, almost none of the Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Making up most of its armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard, which despite not being subject to a central government and defense force has remained quite busy. Worker shuttles are busily flying about the large space, tending to a multitude of ships; you notice that a few of them are also engaged in constructing new ships.`
```

`urban` is generally restricted to space objects with > 1 billion inhabitants. e.g. Solace has `urban` (3 billion inhabitants), Zug does not (500 million inhabitants).

Reviewer 2: I don't know what restrictions we may have for high population numbers but Mordente-Bridi is meant to be an O'Neil Cylinder. It's internal living space would be comparable to a continent. I think I may've been underselling it with the addition of 'amounting to a significant city' in my last edit.

Other than that I'd prefer that Mordente-Bridi keep Urban the adjustments to the description and spaceport are great. Maybe adjust 'amounting to a large city' to something analogous to 'comparable to a densely populated planet' if we keep Urban.

Author: I was under the impression that M.B. was the O'neil cylinder.

Author: Are M.B. and Mendez supposed to be the same type of station or similar size? I feel like it would be better if one was larger than the other.

Reviewer 2: Mordente-Bridi is quite a bit larger. Mendez is not intended to be an O'Neil Cylinder, just a ramscoop station refinery. It collects solar wind to turn into fuel but little, if any, more.

Author: Ah, alright. I think I misread Mendez being one.

Author: Committing bene's suggestion for now while retaining the urban tag, can edit it if needed.

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 10

planet "Mordente-Bridi"
	attributes CCOR military station urban

> 	landscape land/city6

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	landscape land/city6
	music ambient/machinery
```

	description `A testament to the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest armor the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized containing crew quarters and logistical infrastructure, amounting to a significant city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`

> 	spaceport `Apart from the spaceport facilities, almost none of the Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Making up most of its armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard, which despite not being subject to a central government and defense force has remained quite busy. Worker shuttles are busily flying about the large space, tending to a multitude of ships; you notice that a few of them are also engaged in constructing new ships.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Apart from the spaceport facilities, almost none of Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Making up most of its armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard, which despite not being subject to a central government and defense force has remained quite busy. Worker shuttles are busily flying about the large space, tending to a multitude of ships; you notice that a few of them are also engaged in constructing new ships.`
```
I don't think the named cylinders need to have articles in front of them?

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 10

planet "Mordente-Bridi"

> 	attributes CCOR military station urban

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	attributes ccor military station urban
```

	landscape land/city6
	music ambient/machinery

> 	description `A testament to the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest armor the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized containing crew quarters and logistical infrastructure, amounting to a significant city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `A testament to the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest alloy the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized, containing crew quarters and logistical infrastructure, amounting to a significant city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `A testament to the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest alloy the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized and contains crew quarters and logistical infrastructure amounting to a significant city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`
```

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 10

planet "Mordente-Bridi"
	attributes ccor military station urban
	landscape land/city6
	music ambient/machinery

> 	description `A testament to the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest alloy the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized and contains crew quarters and logistical infrastructure amounting to a significant city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `A testament to the ingenuity of the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest alloy the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized and contains crew quarters and logistical infrastructure amounting to that of a sizable city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`
```
Could also use `resourcefulness` or `prowess` instead of `ingenuity` if you think that fits better?

> 	spaceport `Apart from the spaceport facilities, almost none of Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Making up most of its armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard, which despite not being subject to a central government and defense force has remained quite busy. Worker shuttles are busily flying about the large space, tending to a multitude of ships; you notice that a few of them are also engaged in constructing new ships.`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Apart from the spaceport facilities, almost none of Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Making up most of its armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard, which despite not being subject to a central government and defense force has remained quite busy. Worker shuttles are busily flying about the large space, tending to a multitude of ships; you notice that a few of them are also engaged in constructing new vessels.`
```

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 10

planet "Mordente-Bridi"
	attributes ccor military station urban

> 	landscape land/city6

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	landscape land/city3
```

	music ambient/machinery

> 	description `A testament to the ingenuity of the engineering corps of the now defunct CCOR, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest alloy the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized and contains crew quarters and logistical infrastructure amounting to that of a sizable city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
	description `A testament to the ingenuity of the engineering corps of the now defunct Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest alloy the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized and contains crew quarters and logistical infrastructure amounting to that of a sizable city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`
```
I think it makes sense to specify it each time, at least for the first two planets?
there's more on a few other systems I think

> 	spaceport `Apart from the spaceport facilities, almost none of Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Making up most of its armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard, which despite not being subject to a central government and defense force has remained quite busy. Worker shuttles are busily flying about the large space, tending to a multitude of ships; you notice that a few of them are also engaged in constructing new vessels.`

Reviewer 8: Bridi Cylinder and Mordente Cylinder? Are they city or spaceport or whatever? Mb it could be specified the first time they're mentionned, just above, and here?

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 10

planet "Mordente-Bridi"
	attributes ccor military station urban
	landscape land/city3
	music ambient/machinery

> 	description `A testament to the ingenuity of the engineering corps of the now defunct Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, the massive Mordente-Bridi Station is one of the largest in human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest alloy the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized and contains crew quarters and logistical infrastructure amounting to that of a sizable city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description `A testament to the ingenuity of the engineering corps of the now defunct Confederated Councils of the Outer Rim, Mordente-Bridi is an O'Neill Cylinder and the largest station in Human space. Twin cylinders Mordente and Bridi make up the station's hull, built from the strongest alloy the CCOR could manufacture at scale. Bridi Cylinder is pressurized and contains crew quarters and logistical infrastructure amounting to that of a sizable city, while Mordente Cylinder contains what was the Outer Rim's main shipyard.`
```

Author: I think we should be keeping the "is one of" line. We don't have any strict "is the biggest station" in human space, and we should probably do our best to keep it abstract.

		threshold 7500
		fleet "Large Republic" 10

planet "Mordente-Bridi"
	attributes ccor military station urban

> 	landscape land/station49

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	landscape land/station48
```

		threshold 4000
		fleet "Small Deep Security" 16

planet "Mendez Station"
	attributes CCOR station
	landscape land/station20

> 	description "Mendez Station is the closest object to Fumalasamakah. Located in a low orbit just above the stellar corona, the monumentous ram-scoops built into the star-facing side of the station collect stellar ejections to process into fuel. The station is perpetually hot, even in the habitation sections as an inescapable effect of begin so close to a great mass of plasma undergoing nuclear fusion, however it would surely be much more so if it weren't for the primarily polyfiber construction and heat-radiation spires built into the far side of the station."

Reviewer 2: Mendez is meant to be in Alpherg, on original compilation of the region it was in Fumalasamakah however it was shifted to Alpherg as part of solidifying locations and checks to fit with broader design intentions.
That being said Mendez is a ramscoop station, with the adjustments to the stars it's location may be worth reconsidering again as it logically would be in a system good for ramscooping.

> 	description "Mendez Station is the closest object to Fumalasamakah. Located in a low orbit just above the stellar corona, the monumentous ram-scoops built into the star-facing side of the station collect stellar ejections to process into fuel. The station is perpetually hot, even in the habitation sections as an inescapable effect of begin so close to a great mass of plasma undergoing nuclear fusion, however it would surely be much more so if it weren't for the primarily polyfiber construction and heat-radiation spires built into the far side of the station."

Reviewer 9: I think Citadelle would be the best system for getting the most wind at the lowest temperature / closest to the star.  Alpherg would be the runner-up - twice the wind, but at six times the temperature so you'd need to be farther out, making it 1/3rd as efficient.

CCOR stars highlighted in blue:

![star wind hab](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/31712538/9a9a57da-a471-4b96-8ade-90f4cf5bfe33)

		threshold 4000
		fleet "Small Deep Security" 16

> planet "Mendez Station"

Reviewer 3: I'll wait for this to be rewritten and I'll submit a review later.

Reviewer 2: Rewrite done. Looking forward to your feedback.

		threshold 4000
		fleet "Small Deep Security" 16

planet "Mendez Station"
	attributes CCOR station
	landscape land/station20

> 	description "Mendez Station is the closest object to Alpherg. Located in a low orbit just above the stellar corona, the monumentous ram-scoops built into the star-facing side of the station collect stellar ejections to process into fuel. The station is perpetually hot, even in the habitation sections as an inescapable effect of begin so close to a great mass of plasma undergoing nuclear fusion, however it would surely be much more so if it weren't for the primarily polyfiber construction and heat-radiation spires built into the far side of the station."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description 'Mendez Station is the closest object to Alpherg's twin stars. Mostly uninhabited Mendez sits in low orbit using it's monumental ramscoops to collect solar wind to process into fuel. The station is uncomfortably hot, life support systems only turning on and beginning to cool the habitation segment when a ship is docked. The refining process here is almost entirely automated, the habitation segment was only expected to be in use during routine inspections and maintenance.'
```

> 	spaceport 'Forgoing a traditional docking ring, which would be excessive for such a low traffic station, Mendez's 'spaceport' is a small number of almost archaic docking arms leading to the hab segment. There was a security system built into each airlock, engraved with the seal of the CCOR government, but they've all been either smashed, bypassed, or hacked allowing unrestricted access to the station.'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	spaceport `Forgoing a traditional docking ring - excessive for such a low traffic station - Mendez's "spaceport" consists of a small number of archaic docking arms leading to the habitation segment. There was a security system built into the airlocks, each engraved with the seal of the CCOR government, but they've all been either smashed, bypassed, or hacked, allowing unrestricted access to the station.`
```
The run-on sentence in the second sentence annoys me, but I can't think of any way to make it better?

Author: Resolving since the station no longer has a spaceport.

> 	spaceport 'Forgoing a traditional docking ring, which would be excessive for such a low traffic station, Mendez's 'spaceport' is a small number of almost archaic docking arms leading to the hab segment. There was a security system built into each airlock, engraved with the seal of the CCOR government, but they've all been either smashed, bypassed, or hacked allowing unrestricted access to the station.'

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Author: > What I want to avoid (which is happening currently due to a spaceport) is a bunch of Pirates landing on it and taking off from it, which is implying it's a busy station that accommodates common visitors  or is publicly active. It collects fuel close to the star, but I wouldn't say it's a refuelling outpost? Isn't it moreso a collection station and not hub? 

> Since we are saying it's a smaller sattelite station in order for it to be orbiting the star, it probably wouldn't be efficient at accommodating common Pirates with fuel if that were the case. So yeah I'd remove the spaceport. You can still have missions offer from it of course, just though landing.

> 	spaceport "Rather than a traditional docking ring, part of which would be facing Fumalasamakah and its incredible heat and radiation at all times Mendez's 'spaceport' is actually a separate station located in a significantly higher stellar orbit. The station serves primarily as a secure dock for more normal ships while their inhabitants are taken to Mendez station via specialized transports built to resist the intense heat."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	spaceport 'Forgoing a traditional docking ring which would be excessive for such a low traffic station Mendez's 'spaceport' is a small number of almost archaic docking arms leading to the hab segment. There was a security system built into each airlock engraved with the seal of the CCOR government but they've all been either smashed, bypassed, or hacked allowing unrestricted access to the station.'
```

		threshold 4000
		fleet "Small Deep Security" 16

planet "Mendez Station"
	attributes ccor station
	landscape land/station47
	music ambient/machinery
	description `Mendez Station is the closest object to Alpherg's twin stars. Constructed by the CCOR as part of its efforts to build self-sufficiency in the Outer Rim, the station's gigantic ramscoops collect charged particles from the system's solar winds and refine them into hyperdrive fuel.`

> 	description `	Since its establishment, Mendez has been uninhabited for most of its operational life. The station's location makes it uncomfortably hot, and as a result, Mendez is almost entirely automated apart from a small control room used during maintenance.`

Reviewer: Might it make sense to add a `port` to this station with no services or news and only the ability to recharge fuel?

Author: Gave it uninhabited. I'm not sure about giving it port for the reason you mentioned as it might be odd that Pirate ships regularly land and take off of a smaller little station, unless we lore-in that it's a fuel hub or something.

Reviewer: We could create a port attribute that prevents normal NPCs from making use of them, but that's an idea for later.

		threshold 4000
		fleet "Small Deep Security" 16

planet "Mendez Station"

> 	attributes CCOR station

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	attributes ccor station
```

	landscape land/station20
	music ambient/machinery

> 	description `Mendez Station is the closest object to Alpherg's twin stars. Built by the CCOR as part of its efforts to create self-sufficiency in the Outer Rim, the station's gigantic ramscoops collect the system's solar wind and refine it into hyperdrive fuel.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `Mendez Station is the closest object to Alpherg's twin stars. Built by the CCOR as part of its efforts to build self-sufficiency in the Outer Rim, the station's gigantic ramscoops collect the system's solar wind and refine it into hyperdrive fuel.`
```

		threshold 4000
		fleet "Small Deep Security" 16

planet "Mendez Station"
	attributes ccor station
	landscape land/station20
	music ambient/machinery

> 	description `Mendez Station is the closest object to Alpherg's twin stars. Built by the CCOR as part of its efforts to build self-sufficiency in the Outer Rim, the station's gigantic ramscoops collect the system's solar wind and refine it into hyperdrive fuel.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
	description `Mendez Station is the closest object to Alpherg's twin stars. Built by the CCOR as part of its efforts to engender self-sufficiency in the Outer Rim, the station's gigantic ramscoops collect charged particles from the system's solar winds and refine them into hyperdrive fuel.`
```
`built` followed by `build` feels repetitive

Reviewer 3: Maybe `develop self sufficiency` or `develop autarky`.

Reviewer 4: Could also keep `build`, but then change it to this 
```suggestion
	description `Mendez Station is the closest object to Alpherg's twin stars. Constructed by the CCOR as part of its efforts to build self-sufficiency in the Outer Rim, the station's gigantic ramscoops collect charged particles from the system's solar winds and refine them into hyperdrive fuel.`
```

		threshold 4000
		fleet "Small Deep Security" 16

planet "Mendez Station"
	attributes ccor station

> 	landscape land/station20

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	landscape land/station2
```

		threshold 4000
		fleet "Small Deep Security" 16

planet "Mendez Station"
	attributes ccor station

> 	landscape land/station48

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
	landscape land/station47
```

	landscape land/enceladus_1
	description `Although this moon initially seems barren and lifeless, there is evidence that the nearby Gegno Scin have recently attempted to set up an outpost here. Several partially-constructed buildings and landing zones are scattered about the surface, but none of them show any signs of activity, likely due to recent warfare with the Gegno Vi. Despite this, a small number of satellites actively orbit Zydee, likely providing important tactical information such as the volume of system traffic.`
	government Uninhabited

# Pirate Stuff

planet Gagarin
	attributes CCOR factory urban
	landscape land/city0
#	description "Gagarin is the oldest-settled planet in the CCOR and the most populated. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... though the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with demand from a growing population. Although they were designed to be expanded with demand over time, such resource-intensive infrastructure projects became harder and harder to supply the materials for."

> #	spaceport "The heart of the planetary infrastructure network the spaceport is perpetually crowded. Materials are constantly coming and going with ships landing, taking off, or being moved to underground hangars if they can't be unloaded quickly. The spaceport,at least, appears as if, albeit just barely, it's able to meet demand"

Reviewer 10: probably better as "The space port, at least, appears as if it's able to meet demand- albeit just barely."

> #	spaceport "The heart of the planetary infrastructure network the spaceport is perpetually crowded. Materials are constantly coming and going with ships landing, taking off, or being moved to underground hangars if they can't be unloaded quickly. The spaceport,at least, appears as if, albeit just barely, it's able to meet demand"

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
#	spaceport "The heart of the planetary infrastructure network, the spaceport is perpetually crowded. Materials are constantly coming and going with ships landing, taking off, or being moved to underground hangars if they can't be unloaded quickly. The spaceport, at least, appears as if it's just barely able to meet demand"
```

	outfitter "Ammo South"
	outfitter "Basic Outfits"
	outfitter "Common Outfits"
	outfitter "Pirate Outfits"
	bribe 1
	security 0.33

planet Bailey
	attributes CCOR mining
	landscape land/lava3

> #	description "Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked, world scarcely larger or more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Though miners must regularly be on the move it has brought several mining expeditions to the planet. Like aphids sucking the sap from plants, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals so that they may be used by the CCOR."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
#	description "Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked, world scarcely larger or more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Though miners must regularly be on the move, it has brought several mining expeditions to the planet. Like aphids sucking the sap from plants, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals so that they may be used by the CCOR."
```

	spaceport "Given the roving nature of the settlements, and the lack of general atmosphere, the spaceport and other major infrastructure are located in orbit. Transit to and from the planet is facilitated by a clever network of skyhooks, which utilize smaller amounts of rare and expensive resources compared to the more common repulsor technology used elsewhere."
	bribe 1
	security 0.33

planet "M.B. Station"
	attributes CCOR military station urban
	landscape land/city6

> 	description "The hub of military logistics for the CCOR Mordente-Bridi station is as close to a fortress as can be built without the benefit of an asteroid field. The twin cylinders that make up the outer hull are layered with the strongest armor CCOR can manufacture at scale. The Bridi Cylinder is pressurized containing crew quarters and logistical facilities, and the Mordente contains CCOR's shipyard."

Reviewer 10: "...CCOR, Mordente-Bridi station..."
"...while the Mordente Cylinder"

> 	description "The hub of military logistics for the CCOR Mordente-Bridi station is as close to a fortress as can be built without the benefit of an asteroid field. The twin cylinders that make up the outer hull are layered with the strongest armor CCOR can manufacture at scale. The Bridi Cylinder is pressurized containing crew quarters and logistical facilities, and the Mordente contains CCOR's shipyard."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
	description "The hub of military logistics for the CCOR, Mordente-Bridi station is as close to a fortress as can be built without the benefit of an asteroid field. The twin cylinders that make up the outer hull are layered with the strongest armor CCOR can manufacture at scale. The Bridi Cylinder is pressurized containing crew quarters and logistical facilities, while the Mordente Cylinder contains CCOR's main shipyard."
```

Reviewer 2: Rewrote M.B. Station a little for some necessary changes.

> 	spaceport "Almost none of the Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Within the armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard complete with worker-shuttles busily zipping about constructing and repairing a plethora of ships and the fighter hangars in addition to the spaceport."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
	spaceport "Almost none of the Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Within the armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard complete with worker shuttles busily zipping about constructing and repairing a plethora of ships and the fighter hangars, in addition to the spaceport."
```

	shipyard "Advanced Southern Pirates"
	shipyard "Betelgeuse Advanced"
	shipyard "Betelgeuse Basics"
	shipyard "Southern Pirates"
	outfitter "Ammo South"
	outfitter "Basic Outfits"
	outfitter "Basic Weapons"
	outfitter "Common Outfits"
	outfitter "Pirate Outfits"
	security 0.5

planet "Mendez Station"
	attributes CCOR station
	landscape land/station20

> #	description "Mendez Station is the closest object to Fumalasamakah. Located in a low orbit just above the stellar corona, the monumentous ram-scoops built into the star-facing side of the station collect stellar ejections to process into fuel. The station is perpetually hot, even in the habitation sections as an inescapable effect of begin so close to a great mass of plasma undergoing nuclear fusion, however it would surely be much more so if it weren't for the primarily polyfiber construction and heat-radiation spires built into the far side of the station."

Reviewer 10: "monumental ramscoops"
"perpetually hot, even in the habitaton sections, as an inescapable effect of being"
"nuclear fusion- however, it would surely be much moreso if not for the station's polyfiber construction and the heat-radiation spires on its far side."

I LOVE the idea of Mendez station, incidentally. Finally, a refinery that isn't orbiting a gas giant!

> #	description "Mendez Station is the closest object to Fumalasamakah. Located in a low orbit just above the stellar corona, the monumentous ram-scoops built into the star-facing side of the station collect stellar ejections to process into fuel. The station is perpetually hot, even in the habitation sections as an inescapable effect of begin so close to a great mass of plasma undergoing nuclear fusion, however it would surely be much more so if it weren't for the primarily polyfiber construction and heat-radiation spires built into the far side of the station."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
#	description "Mendez Station is the closest object to Fumalasamakah. Located in a low orbit just above the stellar corona, the monumentous ramscoops built into the star-facing side of the station collect stellar ejections to process into fuel. The station is perpetually hot, even in the habitation sections, as an inescapable effect of being so close to a great mass of plasma undergoing nuclear fusion. However, it would surely be much worse if it weren't for the primarily polyfiber construction and heat-radiator spires built into the far side of the station."
```

> #	spaceport "Rather than a traditional docking ring, part of which would be facing Fumalasamakah and its incredible heat and radiation at all times Mendez's 'spaceport' is actually a separate station located in a significantly higher stellar orbit. The station serves primarily as a secure dock for more normal ships while their inhabitants are taken to Mendez station via specialized transports built to resist the intense heat."

Reviewer 10: "...at all times, Mendez's 'spaceport' is..."

Also I think I hit the wrong button a while ago? Sorry.

> #	spaceport "Rather than a traditional docking ring, part of which would be facing Fumalasamakah and its incredible heat and radiation at all times Mendez's 'spaceport' is actually a separate station located in a significantly higher stellar orbit. The station serves primarily as a secure dock for more normal ships while their inhabitants are taken to Mendez station via specialized transports built to resist the intense heat."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
#	spaceport "Rather than a traditional docking ring, part of which would have been facing Fumalasamakah and its incredible heat and radiation at all times, Mendez's 'spaceport' is actually a separate station located in a significantly higher stellar orbit. The station serves primarily as a secure harbor for normal ships while their occupants are taken to Mendez station via specialized transports built to resist the intense heat."
```

	bribe 1
	security 0.33

planet Jakobsen
	attributes CCOR farming
	landscape land/sea4

> 	description "Jakobsen is an ocean world, having approximately 6% of its surface above sea level. The land is almost exclusively volcanic islands and atolls as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics and slowly being eroded away by the immense seasonal storms that wreathe the planet. Despite these conditions, Jakobsen is an agricultural world, with vast fields of algae cultivated both to sustain the atmosphere's oxygen content and provide a nutritious, if bland, staple food."

Reviewer 10: "and atolls, as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics is slowly being eroded away"

> 	description "Jakobsen is an ocean world, having approximately 6% of its surface above sea level. The land is almost exclusively volcanic islands and atolls as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics and slowly being eroded away by the immense seasonal storms that wreathe the planet. Despite these conditions, Jakobsen is an agricultural world, with vast fields of algae cultivated both to sustain the atmosphere's oxygen content and provide a nutritious, if bland, staple food."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
	description "Jakobsen is an ocean world, having approximately 6% of its surface above sea level. The land is almost exclusively volcanic islands and atolls, as any land not refreshed by plate tectonics is slowly being eroded by the immense seasonal storms that wreathe the planet. Despite these challenges, Jakobsen is an agricultural world, with vast fields of algae cultivated both to sustain the atmosphere's oxygen content and provide a nutritious, if bland, staple food."
```

> 	spaceport "The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by wave-breakers and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms, additionally the smaller pads are able to be lowered into hangars so as to not be swept away during storms."

Reviewer 10: ![image](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/18384438/0978d6b3-e47c-4871-bb70-145dbb7f22bf)

> 	spaceport "The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by wave-breakers and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms, additionally the smaller pads are able to be lowered into hangars so as to not be swept away during storms."

Reviewer 10: "the planet's storms. Additionally, the smaller pads"

> 	spaceport "The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by wave-breakers and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms, additionally the smaller pads are able to be lowered into hangars so as to not be swept away during storms."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
	spaceport "The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by wave-breakers and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms. Additionally, the smaller pads can be lowered into hardened hangars, preventing their users from being swept away during storms."
```

	outfitter "Basic Outfits"
	outfitter "Common Outfits"
	bribe 1
	security 0.33

planet "Alvorada"
	attributes CCOR military station

> #	description "Fortaleza da Alvorada Station is a grand fortress in space, built into the inner reaches of a giant asteroid surrounded by a field of smaller, yet still sizable, space-rocks. Serving as the seat of the CCOR government the station houses the offices of the members of the politburo, their meeting chambers, and grand server-banks to store and be able to process all information about the nation needed to make planning decisions."

Reviewer 10: "Serving as the seat of the CCOR government, the station houses the offices of the members of the politburo and their meeting chambers- as well as grand server banks to store and process..."

Reviewer 3: FYI the CCOR dissolved prior to the start of Endless Sky, and these are all placeholders from when the CCOR was meant to still exist in-game.
<img width="786" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-10 at 12 35 36 PM" src="https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/assets/115441627/2506a803-b327-4e34-aae8-2da394933c59">
You can use this button (highlighted) to create suggestions. Edit the line that's been selected by editing the text under `suggestion`.

> #	description "Fortaleza da Alvorada Station is a grand fortress in space, built into the inner reaches of a giant asteroid surrounded by a field of smaller, yet still sizable, space-rocks. Serving as the seat of the CCOR government the station houses the offices of the members of the politburo, their meeting chambers, and grand server-banks to store and be able to process all information about the nation needed to make planning decisions."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
#	description "Fortaleza da Alvorada Station is a grand fortress in space, built into the inner reaches of a giant asteroid surrounded by a field of smaller, yet still sizable, space rocks. Serving as the seat of the CCOR government, the station houses the offices of the members of the Politburo, their meeting chambers, and grand server-banks to store and process all information about the nation needed to make planning decisions."
```

> #	spaceport "One of the few connections to the station proper, the starport is at the bottom of one of the deepest craters in the asteroid's surface. Larger ships are left in the crater with tunnels extended to allow the movement of people to and from while smaller ships are moved into hangars dug into the walls. From here looking out you get occasional glimpses of weapon batteries built into the surrounding asteroids."

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
#	spaceport "One of the few connections to the station proper, the spaceport is at the bottom of one of the deepest craters in the asteroid's surface. Larger ships are left in the crater with tunnels extended to allow the movement of people to and fro, while smaller ships are moved into hangars dug into the walls. From here, you get occasional glimpses of weapon batteries built into the surrounding asteroids, slowly turning their barrels at the oncoming traffic."
```

	landscape land/enceladus_1
	description `Although this moon initially seems barren and lifeless, there is evidence that the nearby Gegno Scin have recently attempted to set up an outpost here. Several partially-constructed buildings and landing zones are scattered about the surface, but none of them show any signs of activity, likely due to recent warfare with the Gegno Vi. Despite this, a small number of satellites actively orbit Zydee, likely providing important tactical information such as the volume of system traffic.`
	government Uninhabited

# Pirate Stuff

planet Gagarin
	attributes CCOR factory urban
	landscape land/city0

> #	description "Gagarin is the oldest-settled planet in the CCOR and the most populated. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... though the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with demand from a growing population. Although they were designed to be expanded with demand over time, such resource-intensive infrastructure projects became harder and harder to supply the materials for."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#	description "Gagarin is the oldest-settled planet in the CCOR region and the most populated. All the settlements of Gagarin are connected to a planetary transport and infrastructure grid... though the grid hasn't been able to keep pace with demand from a growing population. Although they were designed to be expanded with demand over time, such resource-intensive infrastructure projects became harder and harder to supply the materials for."
```

Reviewer 3: Would it be the CCOR region, or the region of what used to be the CCOR?

#	spaceport "The heart of the planetary infrastructure network the spaceport is perpetually crowded. Materials are constantly coming and going with ships landing, taking off, or being moved to underground hangars if they can't be unloaded quickly. The spaceport,at least, appears as if, albeit just barely, it's able to meet demand"
	outfitter "Ammo South"
	outfitter "Basic Outfits"
	outfitter "Common Outfits"
	outfitter "Pirate Outfits"
	bribe 1
	security 0.33

planet Bailey
	attributes CCOR mining
	landscape land/lava3

> #	description "Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked, world scarcely larger or more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Though miners must regularly be on the move it has brought several mining expeditions to the planet. Like aphids sucking the sap from plants, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals so that they may be used by the CCOR."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#	description "Bailey is a dead, nearly tidally locked, world scarcely larger or more habitable than Mercury. Its cool side has hardened into a mineral-rich crust, a rarity in this region of space. Though miners must regularly be on the move it has brought several mining expeditions to the planet. Like aphids sucking the sap from plants, semi-mobile mining stations strip and refine the minerals, a method originally developed by CCOR that the pirates of the region have maintained since their fall."
```

	spaceport "The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by wave-breakers and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms, additionally the smaller pads are able to be lowered into hangars so as to not be swept away during storms."
	outfitter "Basic Outfits"
	outfitter "Common Outfits"
	bribe 1
	security 0.33

planet "Alvorada"
	attributes CCOR military station
	landscape land/station8
#	description "Fortaleza da Alvorada Station is a grand fortress in space, built into the inner reaches of a giant asteroid surrounded by a field of smaller, yet still sizable, space-rocks. Serving as the seat of the CCOR government the station houses the offices of the members of the politburo, their meeting chambers, and grand server-banks to store and be able to process all information about the nation needed to make planning decisions."

> #	spaceport "One of the few connections to the station proper, the starport is at the bottom of one of the deepest craters in the asteroid's surface. Larger ships are left in the crater with tunnels extended to allow the movement of people to and from while smaller ships are moved into hangars dug into the walls. From here looking out you get occasional glimpses of weapon batteries built into the surrounding asteroids."

Reviewer 2: Rereading this one I can see my grammar wasn't very good here. Must've been a bit more tired than I thought while writing.
Still, I believe the intended message can be understood at least.

> #	spaceport "One of the few connections to the station proper, the starport is at the bottom of one of the deepest craters in the asteroid's surface. Larger ships are left in the crater with tunnels extended to allow the movement of people to and from while smaller ships are moved into hangars dug into the walls. From here looking out you get occasional glimpses of weapon batteries built into the surrounding asteroids."

Author: I'll commit it for now and then mark the PR as ready for review and we can go further from there.
